#361: further update automation (#375)
OWASP/owasp-masvs: tools/README.md

When you want to add another langauge:

1. Create a folder with the language of choice.

> 2. Extend `Apply_Link_Check.sh` and `Apply_Linter_Check.sh` with the new folder and make sure you do not end up with dead links or MD errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Extend `Apply_Link_Check.sh` and `Apply_Linter_Check.sh` with the new folder and make sure you do not end up with dead links or Markdown errors.
```

3. Update `.github/workflows/checkLint.yml` and add the new folder to the lint checker.
4. Add the `LANGUAGE-METADATA` to the folder.

> 5. Test the generation of the documentation by running `tools/docker/run_docker_masvs_generation_on_local.sh` and update `tools/docker/pandoc_makedocs.sh` where-ever necessary. See [the docker README.MD for more details on any necessary update process](docker/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Test the generation of the document by running `tools/docker/run_docker_masvs_generation_on_local.sh` and update `tools/docker/pandoc_makedocs.sh` wherever necessary. See [the docker README.MD for more details on any necessary update processes](docker/README.md).
```

> 6. Extend the folder in `export.py`

Reviewer: This seems a bit vague?

Author: Fixed it!
